New Section for Development on Windows (#9559)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/contributing/developing.md

Any Wagtail sites you start up in this virtualenv will now run against this development instance of Wagtail. We recommend using the [Wagtail Bakery demo site](https://github.com/wagtail/bakerydemo/) as a basis for developing Wagtail. Keep in mind that the setup steps for a Wagtail site may include installing a release version of Wagtail, which will override the development version you've just set up. In this case, you should install the site before running the `pip install -e` step, or re-run that step after the site is installed.

## Development on Windows

> Wagtail continues to update our documentation but development on Windows is not as documented as we would like it to be. We recommend setting up on a local virtual machine using our already available scripts, [docker-wagtail-develop](https://github.com/wagtail/docker-wagtail-develop) or [vagrant-wagtail-develop](https://github.com/wagtail/vagrant-wagtail-develop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for development on Windows has some gaps and should be considered a work in progress. We recommend setting up on a local virtual machine using our already available scripts, [docker-wagtail-develop](https://github.com/wagtail/docker-wagtail-develop) or [vagrant-wagtail-develop](https://github.com/wagtail/vagrant-wagtail-develop)
```

> If you are happy working on Windows, you will need to have the `make` utility installed in order to run commands associated with it. You can use Windows Powershell to install a package manager like [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install) and in turn use it install [make](https://chocolatey.org/install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are confident with Python and Node development on Windows and wish to proceed here are some helpful tips.

We recommend [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install) for managing packages in Windows. Once Chocolatey is installed you can then install the  [`make`](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/make) utility in order to run common build and development commands.
```

Just trying to re-work this a bit to be less dense but also take you through discrete steps. Installing Chocolatey first and then make second.

To effectively collaborate with other developers on different operating systems, we use CRLF to handle our line endings. You can configure this in Git using:

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```doscon
```

As per https://docs.wagtail.org/en/stable/contributing/documentation_guidelines.html#when-using-console-terminal-code-blocks

Using `doscon` is our preferred approach for windows console/shell.
